so the return that was wrong for him
but wanting repaired lionel messi de
first legal condition and guarín ó
the
is argentina from gonzalo higuaín
i will receive face to face touched from below
from rand similar to venezuela asked
The goalkeeper was delaying
left in the first half the same
Indica argentina do suffoco
let's see the play on the table again
messi higuain and possibly the same
line
I want the opinion of carmona
This is the impression that he was in the same
pass line of mexico found left
in the face of the goal
the Higuain reaches the eighth goal in the
qualifiers are seeing and reviewing now
the goals to use is the top scorer of the
qualifiers so far in Argentina
eight goals have 10 in the age to know and the ball
stay with Argentina that the supporter
shouting olé de buenos aires messi no
half of three messi faced the marking of the
globe table messi shared a penalty
please do not
hand on the penalty ball for argentina
if shot says it was not in hand made a
gesture that the ball had touched the
shoulder in the chest let's see one more time
messi
this shot
121 was born was the shoulder was
absolutely nothing
wrong ugly public future was the shoulder
the collection headquarters lionel messi messi by
landis authorizes the judge by the present
in part the messi hit the penalty
It 's from Argentina, Lionel Messi, beating
bellucci two to argentina 0 to
Venezuela
his thirty-second goal with the shirt
of Argentina
in the 15th in the era taking the ab
Messi asked for a more offensive Argentina
and cynthia better playing behind with two
men in front of you
to know already answered changes the messi scheme
scorer messi penalty mark
2 to 0 Argentina with no chances for
hernández lionel messi we dont do 2
to 0 at the end of the first half a penalty
arriving light with the ball in the marked hand
I won the dominated stage messi do it
cool touch
O
is from Argentina messi calling the
definitor gonzalo higuaín second in it
third of argentina equal in training
to argentina 0 to venezuela messi
of barcelona and higuaín do real madrid
but in the selection it worked perfectly
argentina or venezuela
see again lionel messi higuain and
asked a little bit ahead really
was prevented the two together is
exactly this is the definer
preventing or not he is the definer
the two together have 26 goals in the age to know
Let this begin and now Uruguayan 11
higuaín asking for the third of the
Argentina
Argentina made three goals along with 11
rudder